docs: reframe SIG narrative around three purposes and add Terms of Engagement template (#42)
finos-labs/distinguished-engineer-community: docs/about-us.md

## Who We Are

We are a **Community of Distinguished Engineers (DEs)** — among the most senior technologists in leading multinational financial institutions. As a **Special Interest Group (SIG)** within the [**Fintech Open Source Foundation (FINOS)**](https://finos.org), we provide a neutral, open space for DEs from competing firms to collaborate, share expertise, and apply their experience for positive societal impact.

Many DEs spend the majority of their careers focused on internal initiatives and tooling. The DE SIG changes that: by bringing DEs together as a community, we enable them to engage with open‑source initiatives, connect with FINOS ambassadors and projects, and contribute their expertise beyond their own organisations — individually and collectively.

## Three Purposes

The DE SIG has three interconnected purposes:

### 1. Enable Cross‑Organisational Collaboration

> Distinguished Engineers face common challenges — in architecture, strategy, talent, and technology adoption — but rarely have a forum to address them together across firm boundaries. The DE SIG provides that forum. We collaborate to:

Reviewer: We should somehow point back to Chatham house rules and the general FINOS legal framework on allowing this

Author: That is an excellent point @psmulovics - I'll have a look at doing that when I have a minute this week.

Author: @psmulovics do you have a reference for the general FINOS legal framework? Is it just the variopus links from: https://www.finos.org/governance
i.e. Anti-trust policy, Conflict of interest policy etc.?

Author: I've updated the PR on the assumption that it is those standard policies that we call out in meetings (as thats quite relevant to the sections you've commented on).

Reviewer: yes - also the charter, and the participation agreement

Author: I've got all the poilcies (anti-trust, code of conduct etc.) and chatham house rule in, but not the FINOS charter and 'participation agreement'. I could use a steering on the participation agreement.

title: "About the DE SIG"
---

## Our Mission

> _"Our mission is to build a trusted community of distinguished engineers and senior technology leaders that enables cross‑organisational collaboration, amplifies their collective impact on wider society, and champions inclusive and responsible engineering — publishing the results of that collaboration as open, freely reusable resources."_

Reviewer 2: Kris, this reads like we are watering down our goal here.  Our collective mission is to take the DEness from the corporate world and apply to those worthy organisations that cannot normally afford access to our skills.  We seem to have watered this down.  Im aware there are many other changes in this PR yet this seems to be really important ... how can we correct this?

Author: I'd argue that its one of the collective missions, not the whole purpose. If you want to change the emphasis we could:

1. Keep the three-purpose structure but lead with the pro-bono mission:
```suggestion
_"Our mission is to build a trusted community of distinguished engineers and senior technology leaders that provides independent advice and mentorship to worthy causes, enables cross‑organisational collaboration on shared challenges, and champions inclusive engineering — publishing the results of that collaboration as open, freely reusable resources."_
```

or

2.  Keep the structural changes but restore key language from the original:
```suggestion
_"Our mission is to build a trusted community of distinguished engineers and senior technology leaders that provides independent advice, strategic guidance and mentorship to worthy causes and communities, enables cross‑organisational collaboration, and champions inclusive engineering — empowering impactful initiatives and doing good in society beyond the boundaries of our industry roles."_
```
